[Autogenerated] having your web application running on a
single ec two instance is great for the short term to make
it accessible to the public.
But what happens if the instance goes bad?
Maybe it gets too many requests and slows down or you push a
new release and you have a memory leak.
There are innumerable ways that things could go wrong.
So it's important to not rely on only a single
instance running your application.
That's where scaling your application becomes very important.
Amazon provides several different ways to do scaling with a W.
S.
But we will look at a combination of technologies that will provide
a stable and scalable base for your application.
Remember when we chose amazon Linux as our machine image
to install on the Ec two instance,
wouldn't it be great if the image we installed on our instance was
the operating system with all the software like node and our
application just ready to go well by creating an amazon machine
image from an existing Ec two instance.
You can do that,
amazon lets you essentially take a snapshot of an instance which can
then be copied two instances whenever you want.
You can name and manage these images easily enabling you to reproduce a
well constructed ec two instance as much as you like.
Of course having an image of our application instance is great but we don't
want to monitor traffic and manually create new instances.
Right.
This is where auto scaling groups come in an auto scaling group
uses a launch template and scaling rules to expand or shrink a
pool of instances automatically.
As long as you set your thresholds correctly,
you can let the auto scaling group worry about creating and managing the
instances of your application with an auto scaling group,
adding a removing instances.
There's one last piece of the puzzle to complete this
application scaling masterpiece.
How do you tell your users where to find your application instances if the I PS
keep changing there's no way to create accurate DNS entries.
This is where a load balancer comes into the picture.
A load balancer is essentially a router instance that provides a stable
endpoint to reliably send your users and set DNS entries too.
The load balancer will keep track of which I.
P.
S.
Are available and send users to them efficiently.
The load balancer connects to an auto scaling group so they
both work together to efficiently create groups of
instances and route users to them.
Now that we've gone over the key concepts and scaling with a W.
S. Let's try it out by configuring our own scaling setup